Initial commit to the repo (#1)
coveooss/snapshot-automated-deployment: README.md

# Resource Snapshot Demo

> This demo contains a snapshot split into multiple JSON files that together create a query pipeline with many rules and machine learning models. The query pipeline also comes with an A/B that is configured in a separate JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo contains a snapshot split into multiple JSON files that together create a query pipeline with multiple rules and Machine Learning models. The query pipeline also comes with an A/B test that is configured in a separate JSON file.
```

> A GitHub Action is also available 

Reviewer: Not sure if you were done with that sentence or not? 😅

> ## Fork the repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fork the Repo
```

## Create an API Key

> An API key will be used to communicate with the Coveo platform and deploy your snapshots. If you need help, this documentation is a good starting place https://docs.coveo.com/en/1718/manage-an-organization/manage-api-keys. When is comes to deciding which privilege to assign to your API key, you'll need to add Edit All for every type of resources that you want to deploy with your snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API key is required to communicate with the Coveo Platform and deploy your snapshots. If you need help, [this documentation](https://docs.coveo.com/en/1718/) is a good starting place. When is comes to deciding which privileges to assign to your API key, you'll need to grant the Edit All access level for every type of resource that you want to deploy with your snapshot.
```

> > For this example, you'll need: Edit fields, Edit all Query Pipelines; Edit all Machine Learning Models; View Organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For this example, you'll need: Edit all fields, Edit all query pipelines, Edit all Machine Learning models, and View organization.
```
In a future iteration, we should create a table for this. Privileges are organized by service in the UI, so it would make them easier to find if we also indicated the service here.

> ## Store the API key as a GitHub secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Store the API Key as a GitHub Secret
```

> You should follow this documentation to add a new secret named API_KEY that will take the key that you just created as its value. https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [these steps](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) to add a new secret named `API_KEY` and enter the API key that you created as its value. 
```

## Update the GitHub Action

> In deploy_snapshot.yml, you'll need to update the ORG_ID variable to be the one of your own Coveo organization.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't it be better to use an env variable maybe for this that can be added to the github actions params instead of changing a yml?

> In deploy_snapshot.yml, you'll need to update the ORG_ID variable to be the one of your own Coveo organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `deploy_snapshot.yml`, update the `ORG_ID` variable with the ID of your organization.
```
